you're a goddamn liar
later in your post you even accused av
of being
dishonest untrustworthy you even called
them
rude obnoxious people so i guess when
you have your whole your full schedule
sorted out
i guess uh we can meet up sometime maybe
find a
boxing or mma gym and find out who the
real [ __ ] is
so vegan richard birdy wants to take on
the blacksmith well [ __ ] as i've
already
said several times before [ __ ] bring
it
the main financial concerns included the
breakdown in salary costs 946
000 a year and you're just coming up
with a slide where's the money go
it must be going right into their pocket
you're a goddamn liar joey why the hell
are you doing this
after much consideration the donor
reached out to me to help try to resolve
the matter
it's almost as if you are a lying slimy
who's trying to you know give everyone
this idea that yeah paul is solo
lying they're trying to hide something
you're pocketing all this donation money
joey where's the evidence why won't you
admit what's actually going on
uh look isaac uh
you know i'm cool with doing an mma
match with you
you good with that the biggest
unanswered question
is where is the mother and if you want
to have a cage match i'd
love to beat you faison that was over a
year ago mate
still you're just challenging me again
i [ __ ] accept it there were also
concerns with us all being the only
treasurer
and her handling of all the funds all
funds are received and distributed by
falling assault as they see fit
with no oversight by anyone else in the
organization
there is a lack of financial
accountability
and all funds are received and
distributed by bonhoeffer as they see
fit
he suddenly says in this statement there
were concerns about me being
the only treasurer who else is more
trustworthy
more professional more organized
who exactly is more trustworthy more
professional more organized more suited
to be in that position than assassin
someone who started the organization
who would never try to [ __ ] over the
organization
asylum and i have been running av and we
do have it structured this way
we don't have a board matthew and the
others were pushing for a board
and the fact that you can't see what
that means is so
[ __ ] crazy to me it's obvious
that the board is designed to push me
and assault
out of the way things are operated
within a v in other words they're trying
to control av
they're trying to take over the way that
we do things and run it differently
this did raise alarm bells with me as it
seemed they would rather lose 1.5
million a year than comply with donors
with class essentially planning
a lab
i said to a colleague of mine earlier
today
that richard vegan gaines
is someone i've now known for many years
and he's someone that i regard
fundamentally
as mentally disabled
i do not mean that as an insult
i mean it in the sense of a dry
statement of fact and the pendulum
swings
one way and the other with richard
sometimes
he has the honesty and humility
to reflect on just how mentally
limited he is just how
intellectually incapacitated he is just
how poorly educated just how poorly
radius
sometimes he reflects on those things
and sometimes even reflects on
you know his own struggles with sanity
with basic
mental health sometimes and sometimes
the pendulum swings back the other way
to this kind of very strange reckless
egomania i think it's interesting
that although the number of viewers he
attracts
is over three hundred thousand
the number of patrons the number of
people
willing to support richard and what he
does
as a charity it's even
fewer than the number of people who are
willing to support my channel
with only eleven thousand two hundred
subscribers
the number of people willing to support
joey carbs drawing of course
is much much more than the two of us
combined how does it feel
richard how does it feel
to be a freak who succeeded
only in making himself despised
only in commodifying himself
as a freak show